Overview
This project aims to identify the top factors that should be considered when buying a property in Melbourne within the next three months.
The analysis is performed using a dataset (Melbourne.csv) containing various property attributes. The code processes the data, visualizes key metrics,
and uses statistical modeling to determine the significant factors influencing property prices.

Prerequisites
Python 3.x
Pandas
NumPy
Matplotlib
Seaborn
Statsmodels
Ensure you have the required packages installed. You can install them using:

bash
Copy code
pip install pandas numpy matplotlib seaborn statsmodels
Data Loading and Initial Exploration
Loading the Dataset:

The dataset is loaded into a pandas DataFrame using pd.read_csv.
The number of non-null values in each column is counted.
Any missing values are handled by dropping rows with null values.
Basic Data Exploration:

Basic statistics (describe()) and information (info()) about the dataset are displayed to understand its structure.
Data Cleaning
Handling Missing Data:

Rows with missing data are removed to ensure clean and accurate analysis.
Outlier Detection and Removal:

The interquartile range (IQR) is calculated to detect outliers.
Outliers are visualized using boxplots.
Data without outliers is separated for further analysis.
Visualization
Boxplots:

Boxplots are generated for various numerical features to visualize their distribution.
Separate boxplots are created for specific features like Price, Landsize, BuildingArea, and Propertycount.
Scatter Plots:

Scatter plots are created to visualize the relationship between Price and other variables such as Rooms, Bedroom2,
Bathroom, Car, Landsize, BuildingArea, and Propertycount.
Statistical Analysis
Correlation Analysis:

Correlation between different features is calculated and visualized using a heatmap.
A bar plot is created to show the correlation of various features with Price.
Multivariate Regression Model:

A multivariate regression model is built using the statsmodels library to identify the most significant factors influencing property prices.
The model excludes certain features like Lattitude, Longtitude, Postcode, and YearBuilt to focus on more impactful variables.
Key Findings

The analysis reveals key factors that significantly influence property prices in Melbourne. These insights can be used by potential buyers to make informed decisions
when purchasing property.

Future Work
Further refinement of the model could involve incorporating additional data, such as economic indicators or neighborhood-specific information.
Additional visualization techniques and advanced modeling methods could provide deeper insights into the property market.

Conclusion
This project provides a comprehensive analysis of the Melbourne property market, highlighting crucial factors for potential buyers.
The use of data cleaning, visualization, and statistical modeling ensures that the findings are robust and actionable.
